wiki/1

§ Tirebiterz

⸺ by Charles Iliya Krempeaux

**Tirebiterz** was an [[internet-tv]] show  and [[vlog]] I created on **August 7th, 2006**.
(At least, that's when I 1st registered the ``tirebiterz.com`` domain.)
Work on the show continued until about **April 2008**.

In a nutshell, the show was about motorcycles and cars.
Specificially, covering car shows, motorcycle shows, races, stunts, etc.

§§ Name

The name of the show was a "tongue-and-cheek" reference to "tire biters" — to girls who are, let's say, passionate "hot" cars and bikes, and guys who have them.

§§ Target Audience

Thes targeted for **Tirebiterz** was mainly at a male audience.

§§ Filming

Filming for the show took place in the number of locations and for a number of events in the [[metro-vancouver]] and [[washington-state]], including:

• Mission Raceways,
• Langley Cruise-In,
• as well as parking lots in various places where people where doing tricks with motards.

Most of the filming was done by myself (following advice from **Chet Earl Woodside**, who already had experience filming).
However, **Adam Gerald Bergunder** and **Chet Earl Woodside** did some filming as well.

§§ Clothing

There was a **Tirebiterz** clothing line, that was comprised of a series of t-shirts and hoodies.

§§ People

There were a number of people involved.
Myself, of course.
Long time friend Adam Gerald Bergunder helped with filming and photography for the show.
Log time friend Chet Earl Woodside was hired to do the video editing.
There were also a number of models and promo girls involved with the show, including: Crystal Tisiga, Natasha Voitenkova, Kerry Diotte, Nikki Brie Gertsch, Anna Kaminska, Anna Kaminska.

§§ Website Software

The ``tirebiterz.com`` website ran on WordPress.
It also used the VideoPress WordPress plug-ins I created.

§§ End

**Tirebiterz** basically ended not too long after the Vancouver Motorcycle Show in Abbotsford in 2008.

§§ Watch Tirebiterz

You can see one of the episodes of **Tirebiterz** below:

⁁ tirebiterz/tirebiterz-episode01.mov

§§ Photos

Here are some photos from **Tirebiterz**:

⁁ tirebiterz/modified-mustang-drag-racing.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/green-hotrod-in-parking-lot.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/flame-car-drag-racing.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/two-bikes-drag-racing.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/blue-and-white-car-drag-racing.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/blue-drag-racing-bike-doing-a-little-wheelie.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/modified-harley-davidson-v-rod-warming-up-its-tire.jpeg

Here is a photo gallery from **Tirebiterz**

§§ Art Work

Here is some **Tirebiterz** art work:

⁁ tirebiterz/tirebiterz-skull_small.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/tirebiterz-girl-and-tires-art.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/tirebiterz-cityscape.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/tirebiterz-girl-side-face.jpeg
⁁ tirebiterz/tirebiterz-girl-side-face-shaded.jpeg
